Add analytics section to frontend documentation (#9421)
18F/identity-idp: docs/frontend.md

See [`@18f/identity-i18n` package documentation](../app/javascript/packages/i18n/README.md).

### Analytics

See [`@18f/identity-analytics` package documentation][analytics_package] for code examples detailing
how to track an event in JavaScript.

> Any event logged from the frontend must be added to the `EVENT_MAP` allowlist in [`FrontendLogController`][frontend_log_controller.rb].

Reviewer: I feel like the **must me added to `EVENT_MAP`** bit is not quite right, because we still have the fallback to the `Frontend: ` prefix

https://github.com/18F/identity-idp/blob/9c17164c0b8d9b4aefad74dde1a521c111b53aac/app/services/frontend_logger.rb#L25-L26

Maybe something like...

```suggestion
Events event logged from the frontend should be added to the `EVENT_MAP` allowlist in [`FrontendLogController`][frontend_log_controller.rb] so they can be documented in `AnalyticsEvents`, otherwise 
they will be prefixed with `"Frontend: #{name}"`
```

Author: You’re right about that. I should have mentioned in the opening comment, but I wrote this aspirationally toward wanting to remove that behavior. I’m away from my computer but there was a related discussion earlier in the appdev channel where @mitchellhenke is working on a branch to remove it.

Author: Related Slack discussion: https://gsa-tts.slack.com/archives/C0NGESUN5/p1697664301580629
